First Website Crawling is the automated fetching of web pages by a software process, 
the purpose of which is to index the content of websites so they can be searched.
The crawler analyzes the content of a page looking for links to the next pages to fetch and index.

As i am going to crawl a site then Site crawls are an attempt to crawl an entire site at one time, 
starting with the home page. It will grab links from that page,
to continue crawling the site to other content of the site. 
This is often called “Spidering”.

To Crawl the website site I will use the following approaches:

1) If website stores all their information on the HTML front end, 
   I will directly use code to download the HTML contents and extract out useful information.
 
   for this I used the following 5 steps:

   a) Inspect the website HTML that you want to crawl
   b)Access URL of the website using code and download all the HTML contents on the page
   c)Format the downloaded content into a readable format
   d)Extract out useful information and save it into a structured format
   e)For information displayed on multiple pages of the website, you may need to repeat steps 2–4 to have the complete information.
2) If website stores data in API and the website queries the API each time when user visit the website,
   i will simulate the request and directly query data from the API
    
   following steps that i will follow:
   
   a) Inspect the XHR network section of the URL that you want to crawl
   b) Find out the request-response that gives you the data that you want  
   c) Depending on the type of request(post or get) and also the request header & payload, simulate the request in your code and retrieve the data from API. Usually, the data got from API is in a pretty neat format.
   d) Extract out useful information that you need
   e) For API with a limit on query size, you will need to use ‘for loop’ to repeatedly retrieve all the data


Now Coming to how to save the images and text from the website.

1) First To copy text from a web page, I will find the beginning of the text that I want to copy.
   I will Press and hold the left mouse button.
   Then, I will drag the mouse from the top-left to the bottom-right part of the section of text I want to copy. 

2) Now the text I have copied to paste it, I will place the cursor in the appropriate location and press the keyboard shortcut key combination Ctrl+V,
   or right-click where to paste the text and click Paste.

3) Next to save an image, right-click any image on a website to view the properties menu for that image. 
   To copy that image into another document, click the Copy image option from the menu.
   To save the image file to the computer, so it can be used or uploaded elsewhere choose the Save image as option.

4) Now I clicked on the Save image option, a Save As or Save Picture window would open, 
   allowing me to choose where to save the image and to change the name. 
   Then i will click the Save button to save the picture to the computer.
